# Third week

Because it is my first week of blogging 
this course, I will make a little 
summary of first week and second.

### First week
My journey started by simple practice 
class where I realized: networks are 
essential and anyone who calls himself 
an engineer must know at least the 
basics. Lecture was all about the 
importance of studying things. Next I 
found on my Suleyman Demirel university 
email the invitation link to my new 
Cisco Networking Academy account in 
which I also found the fact that I was 
already enrolled to the CCNA essentials 
course. <br>
After finishing this course, students 
of Suleyman Demirel university can take 
an elective course that continues the 
Cisco Networking Academy essential 
course that we are participating now.
<br>
First week on netacad platform students 
of Suleyman Demirel university studied 
first chapter and also ninth chapter.
First chapter was all about "How the 
networks work". The Internet and WEB 
technologies are nowadays part of our 
lifes and by "our" lifes I mean life of 
every people around the world. The 
Internet is about connecting people, 
collaboration with different groups of 
nations and etc.
